README.md, before:

# WebTerm

Basic Web Terminal UI designed with HTML,CSS and vanila javascript 
## Adding WebTerm

In your HTML file add the following code

```java
<div id="terminal">
    <textarea id="textarea" wrap="hard" value="Hello world" onfocus="this.value=this.value" spellcheck="false">
    </textarea>
</div>

---At the end of the <body> Enter following line---

<script type="module" src="index.js"></script>
```
In your JavaScript File Add the following code
```python
import { Terminal } from './term.js' //To import term.js

let terminal = new Terminal("Your_Text_to_be_shown_on_terminal::", "textarea");
    terminal.init(); //Initialise the terminal and allow three basic commands
    terminal.setFileExtensions([web_pages_extensions_seprated_by_comma_such_as_html_jsp]); //Which kind of extensions your web pages are using to navigate through webpages  

eg=>
let terminal = new Terminal("Terminal/Vedant::", "textarea");
    terminal.init(); //Initialise the terminal and allow three basic commands
    terminal.setFileExtensions([web_pages_extensions_seprated_by_comma_such_as_html_jsp]); //Which kind of extensions your web pages are using to navigate through webpages  

```
## Usage

```
1. In a webpage it will open a terminal Like UI
2. This terminal take styles from the styles.json, So you can fully customize the UI as your need 🙂
3. All the commands are stored in commands.json files
4. Make sure that you are passing all the extensions of view files
```
## Commands

1) To navigate through web pages. You can use cd file_name_with_extension_or_without_extension
E.g=> 
```java 
cd index2 or cd index2.html  //This will take you to index2.html
```
2) To navigate through divs of same page, You can use goto div_id //Classes wont work use Id as its unique
E.g=> 
```java
goto home //If your web has element with id as home this will take you to that div
```
3) To clear the screen we can use cls command
```java
cls
```
*Note that each command can have alternative and those are specified in commands.json 

## Want to try these three commands
1. Goto [This link](https://vedant2608.github.io/WebTerm/)
2. You will find the terminal 
3. The index page has two div about and home so try the following to commands. and see the behaviour of the pages
 ```java
Terminal/Vedant::goto home

Terminal/Vedant::goto about
```
4. There is another index2.html file.So try to run cd command
```java
Terminal/Vedant::cd index2.html
```
5. Run cls command to clear the screen
## Contributing
- Please share your ideas to make this even better. I am expecting all the good and bad suggestions and also I will appriciate if you help to extend the functionality.

## Some Precuations
- Start development or local server before embedding this terminal as it works on fetch api it will need developmnet server else you will get error.
- To change any UI related functionality I will suggest that you should keep it in JSON format and fetch it inside the project.
- As It has ID of "Terminal" and IDs are unique you should keep in the mind that only one terminal can be displayed on one page.
- Put all the files in one folder😅.This is really important

## Some Last Words
I hope you liked this. If you really like this please star the project and also suggest me how can I improve.

Have a great Day/Night🙂

Commit message:

Added a speak functionality
Added one more command

README.md, after:

# WebTerm

Basic Web Terminal UI designed with HTML,CSS and vanila javascript 
## Adding WebTerm

In your HTML file add the following code

```java
<div id="terminal">
    <textarea id="textarea" wrap="hard" value="Hello world" onfocus="this.value=this.value" spellcheck="false">
    </textarea>
</div>

---At the end of the <body> Enter following line---

<script type="module" src="index.js"></script>
```
In your JavaScript File Add the following code
```python
import { Terminal } from './term.js' //To import term.js

let terminal = new Terminal("Your_Text_to_be_shown_on_terminal::", "textarea");
    terminal.init(); //Initialise the terminal and allow three basic commands
    terminal.setFileExtensions([web_pages_extensions_seprated_by_comma_such_as_html_jsp]); //Which kind of extensions your web pages are using to navigate through webpages  

eg=>
let terminal = new Terminal("Terminal/Vedant::", "textarea");
    terminal.init(); //Initialise the terminal and allow three basic commands
    terminal.setFileExtensions([web_pages_extensions_seprated_by_comma_such_as_html_jsp]); //Which kind of extensions your web pages are using to navigate through webpages  

```
## Usage

```
1. In a webpage it will open a terminal Like UI
2. This terminal take styles from the styles.json, So you can fully customize the UI as your need 🙂
3. All the commands are stored in commands.json files
4. Make sure that you are passing all the extensions of view files
```
## Commands

1) To navigate through web pages. You can use cd file_name_with_extension_or_without_extension
E.g=> 
```java 
cd index2 or cd index2.html  //This will take you to index2.html
```
2) To navigate through divs of same page, You can use goto div_id //Classes wont work use Id as its unique
E.g=> 
```java
goto home //If your web has element with id as home this will take you to that div
```
3) To clear the screen we can use cls command
```java
cls
```
4) To let user hear what you have written in yout about.txt (Write about yourself in about.txt file and after typing below command user will hear about you.) 
```java
tell about you
```
*Note that each command can have alternative and those are specified in commands.json 

## Want to try these three commands
1. Goto [This link](https://vedant2608.github.io/WebTerm/)
2. You will find the terminal 
3. The index page has two div about and home so try the following to commands. and see the behaviour of the pages
 ```java
Terminal/Vedant::goto home

Terminal/Vedant::goto about
```
4. There is another index2.html file.So try to run cd command
```java
Terminal/Vedant::cd index2.html
```
5. Run cls command to clear the screen
## Contributing
- Please share your ideas to make this even better. I am expecting all the good and bad suggestions and also I will appriciate if you help to extend the functionality.

## Some Precuations
- Start development or local server before embedding this terminal as it works on fetch api it will need developmnet server else you will get error.
- To change any UI related functionality I will suggest that you should keep it in JSON format and fetch it inside the project.
- As It has ID of "Terminal" and IDs are unique you should keep in the mind that only one terminal can be displayed on one page.
- Put all the files in one folder😅.This is really important

## Some Last Words
I hope you liked this. If you really like this please star the project and also suggest me how can I improve.

Have a great Day/Night🙂
